docs/examples/README.md, before:

# Examples

## Basic
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/3tvjhg9e/4/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Vertical + disabled navigation
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/jmxov0th/5/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Multiple (Scroll per item)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/mdsbnac2/9/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Multiple (Scroll per page)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/b56dn0h7/8/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Images
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/3arxyjqv/10/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Images (lazyloading)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/k5w0dn7q/24/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

Commit message:

Scroll smooth polyfill (#12)
* extending eslint configuration with recommended settings

* changelog typo, simplify readme

* added smoth-scroll polyfill

* Updated markdowns

* typo

docs/examples/README.md, after:

# Examples

## Basic (Horizontal)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/3tvjhg9e/4/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Vertical (Disabled navigation)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/jmxov0th/5/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Multiple (CSS Breakpoints)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/mdsbnac2/9/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Multiple (CSS Breakpoints + Scroll per page)
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/b56dn0h7/8/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Images
<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/3arxyjqv/10/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>

## Images with lazyloading

::: warning
Please note that intersection-observer is not a part of vue-snap library. Check our example below and comments with `v-lazy` directive.
:::

<iframe width="100%" height="300" src="//jsfiddle.net/bartdominiak/k5w0dn7q/24/embedded/result,js,html,css/dark/" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allowpaymentrequest frameborder="0"></iframe>
